Community temporal stability (estimated as the inverse of the coefficient of variation) is a property of ecological systems that results from the combination of different drivers and although it is a concept that has been extensively studied, little is known about how the stability could affect to the ecosystem functions and services. 
Several metrics have been proposed to investigate the mechanisms driving the stability being the synchrony and the species richness two metrics that have received high attention in literature. It has observed that lower levels of synchrony in species fluctuations stabilize the community, and that higher species richness is associated with greater community stability.
But how all these factors could affect the plant reproductive success? Since the reproductive success of most plant species depends at least to some extent on pollination by animals, will the stability of the pollinator communities increase or decrease the plant reproductive success?
In a recent study (Hünicken et al., 2021) have observed how the fruit set in two different crops can be affected by the stability of the visitation rate of pollinators. Klein (2009) showed that the variation in bee species richness decreased the mean fruit set in coffee crops.
In the current study, we investigate whether the plant reproductive success is affected by the stability of the plant and pollinator communities. In doing so, we analysed the relationship between fruit set and the seed set of the wild plants in 16 plots and the stability of plant communities (estimated as the inverse of the variation coefficient of biomass) and pollinator communities (estimated as the inverse of the variation coefficient of visitation frequency) throughout four years, and in addition, we evaluated whether the synchrony and the species richness of the plant community and the pollinator community affect directly or indirectly, through of the stability, to the fruit set and seed set. 
We hypothesized that a more stable community with higher species richness and lower synchrony will increase the reproductive success of the plants. We could also expect that the most important determinant of stability will be the direct negative effect of synchrony and that the species richness will directly promote the reproductive success plants.

